So let's focus on the book about places that will mostly be you I state that now matters.
And of course it's not really important for you.
Did you always think about is that you I state or is it temporary state because that we're only my categories
anyways it's just important that you think about where do I want to manage some data.
Where does it have an impact.
And of course filtering only has an impact on this component.
So there is no need to manage the filtered places in the service.
It should suffice if we managed them here in this component that of course is our discover page here
and there we do have that on filter update method.
Right now we only lock that shows in value there and that is either all or buckle as you can see on
that value.
Keep so let's take this and we do have our loaded places right.
We do have our loaded places here now of course our loaded places are always the same but maybe the
places we output should differ based on our selection so let's add a new property here for our local
state management which will name relevant places.
So yet another list of places here and now by default I'll set this relevant places equal to this load
at places.
And here I will slice my this relevant places list which of course right now is just the same as before.
Into this cover page for the featured place I will get my first relevant
places element here and of course also up here.
So loaded places is now always replaced with relevant places and that means that right now if I save
this it should still work as before and it does.
Now let's change the relevant places when we change our filter.
So here on filter update I will check if event detail value.
Remember we do have a value property there.
If that is equal to all.
If it is then this relevant places we'll be equal to this loaded places and our listed loaded places
they four year olds update.
Based on that now in the Ellis case here.
So if we for example chose buckle places then this relevant places will be equal to this load of places
where I filter them down.
So not all loaded places but only the ones where a specific condition is met and the condition is that
the user I.D. off that place so if the creator of that place is not my user I.D. because I should not
be able to book my own places know my own user idea is managed and the off service right here and through
that getter.
So we have to get access to the user I.D. here in the Discover bait page component.
We can do that of course by injecting it.
So here in the constructor of the Discover page component we inject the of service for dad make sure
you add derived import puff up there to the off service file with the off serve as imported and injected
here in my filter.
We'll have a look at every place so dysfunctional execute on every place in the loaded places array
and then I can check if the place I.D. is not equal to this of service user I.D..
So if it's not equal to my own user I.D..
And if they're not equal then I know displays was not created by me and therefore it's bookmobile and
hence relevant with that of course all to make sure that you update listed loaded places here to match
your relevant places.
And with that What's one problem.
One important thing of course we don't want to compare the place I.D. but the user idea of that place
with our own user I.D..
So with that now we're comparing the right things and now it is reloads.
We see all the places here but on bookmobile places I get an error which is a good sign here actually
because it means we tried to access data for a place that probably doesn't exist.
And the reason simply is that right now I got no places that would not be created by me.
If we go to the place service real quick and for one place we change that dummy I.D. to ABC which happens
to be my current dummy user I.D. as well to X Y set then we should see that if this reloads and we go
from all places to book able places.
Well only Manhattan mentioned states because that is the place for which I just changed the idea.
I'll change this back because of course we should also handle that error though because we definitely
can have circumstances where we have no bookmobile place and they offer let's go into our discover component
there in a template.
When I try to output data here in my grid where I output that card and so on.
Well in the end we can add the engine block and make sure that we only output data here if relevant
places length is greater than 0 because otherwise there will be nothing to load and display.
So with Dad if we save dad and we go to book a it's now empty we're not getting an error.
Of course some message would be nice and therefore we could render an alternative we could add another
iron grid up there with the number ion row here and then there and number.
Irene Cullen with the same dimensions as this column and also centered text and here we can see we all
put there are no bankable places right now please come back later of course that's right and not with
here I will add the check with Angie if we're not on the column but on the entire grid let's say Angie
if relevant places length smaller or equal to zero or maybe if relevant places somehow isn't set so
if it's not relevant places then I also want to show this.
So either if relevant places somehow is undefined or if it is defined by its length is equal to zero
should be enough but doesn't hurt to have does extra check if that's the case and then we should show
this text.
So let's see if that works if this reloads would go to book of all places here is our text now and here
are all places.
So there's no works and this is another example of local component specific state for our different
filters here.